AWS Group Project Chapter 8Note: This project may be completed as in individual or as part of a groupThe application you built as part of the RDS chapter lab (or equivalent*) needs to be maintained following DevOps principles and therefore the code updates should be done using automated code pipelines and should NOT be done manually.*You can change the database structure and code from Chapter 8 lab 2 to be something slightly different (e.g. change from conference venues to donut flavors) to fulfill the requirements of this project.RequirementsEC2 Instances (aka virtual machines)Required (for an A or 23.25 points out of a possible 25):1. Create a code pipeline for your web application.  The components should include: CodePipeline, CodeDeploy, and GitHub, EC2, RDS, VPC, subnets, security groups, Internet Gateway, etc. The application does not have to be built with any of your previous stacks of resources. (23.25 points, est. 4-5 hours).Additional Options:2. Application runs on infrastructure created with IaC, including an RDS instance.  This may require updates to your Chapter 6 IaC code (1 point). Estimated 2-4 hours.3. Application is not based on Node (meaning you could not leverage Lab 2 from Chapter 8). This could require heavy CodeDeploy research for your favorite language. (1 point).  Estimated 2-4 hours. 4. EC2 instances are launched into an auto scaling group (.5 points). Est. 2 hours.5. EC2 instances in auto scaling group are behind a load balancer that is created by IaC (.5 points). Est. 1 hour.6. Alternative but equivalent technology to CodePipeline/CodeDeploy is used (1 point)7. Other enhancements that support the principles of using a code pipeline.Rubric25 points are possible for this milestone, as follows:Milestone 3 FeaturesCreate a code pipeline for your application/23.25Application runs on infrastructure from IaC, including an RDS instance/1Application is NOT based on Node/1EC2 instances are launched into an auto scaling group/.5EC2 instances in auto scaling group are behind a load balancer created by IaC/.5Alternative but equivalent technology to CodePipeline/CodeDeploy is used /1Other enhancements that support the principles of using a code pipelineTBDTotal/25 (max)DeliverablesTo demonstrate completion of your project, fill out the Group Project Chapter 8 submission document and then upload the document.  Tips* You can discuss your projects online or in person with other groups liberally, but you may not use (copy/paste) their code.